alright got a couple breaks to start the
day off with um the first one is going
to be for Richard I just talking on the
phone meant under yours first here we
got a limited you pick 5 05 and I think
it in late may be getting a little windy
and dark outside I think it's going to
get really windy here tonight and then
tomorrow it might actually be somewhat
of a storm but here we go man we'll save
one I got some sandbags you guys watch
more videos on a heavy rain it floods in
a tropical storm or whatever it might
get them bad first that 599 david nelson
spa okay
rodger saffold 999 base TJ Ward in 999
yuppers dash right oh here is it it was
a monetary Oh Hardesty 499 it's the mesh
patch qrl true p999 long stack there we
go another autograph or in a throne mmm
thanks a little order Emmanuel Sanders
sign of the homes Philip Dillard 999
just a candy night get a hot box give
you the two hits in here oh there's one
there is one in there and you got Andre
Roberts 499 rocky patch all right that
means there should be an autograph in
there and listen and there is derek
morgan 5 99 I've won them tricky hot
boxes I try to fool you make it look
like you're not get one then by the time
now
we're in Kenny Britt 499 Steve Smith for
an inning charlie joiner Morgan Burnett
all these at 499 autograph on front Lee
Roy Selmon gold monikers that's 25 of 25
alas one piece of shoe bin tape number
date of 80 number 10 of 50 jersey
everything's every which way Danny white
250 and a patch number 250 Vernon Davis
2950 that'll do sir appreciate it
Richard I'll get all these cards along
the way see ya almost forgot to do the
recap turned a penny off and I was like
oh man's a long video I should probably
go recap on so let me do that real fast
it's getting its raining outside now
storm it is a-comin I'll nothing see
that but anyway Vernon Davis at any
white jersey Ben Tate shoo Lee Roy
Selmon although the heck is that Derek
Morgan rennie curran current David
Nelson all those are 599 Emmanuel
Sanders sign of the times and then
monterio Hardesty Andre Roberts patch
autos it's all hot box on the SPF in it
and now this will officially do sir
richard i appreciate it i'll get it up
to
you